This is how the start screen will look like.
OK, let's go ahead and start building it.
It's got to be fun.
The last part of the app they're going to be building.
So until we are done with this application, so this is really good.
Exciting.
OK, let's go ahead and get started.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's take care of the navigation so we know that we need to go to the start
screen as such.
But we also know that we will need the home view model such sunglasses equal to hilt the model and make
sure that I pass here.
Home Screen View model like this and I'm going to pass it along.
Zongzi View model.
Set that to home view model.
We will have to create that parameter.
So, OK, let's go to the screen and voila.
Now that is added there so far, that screen has this not very helpful, but we will construct everything
that we need.
So, you know, read our home screen here.
I'm going to say hilt with your model.
So we have access to our model and get rid of all of this.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to first create a variable, say books.
It's going to be a list of M book types.
And then when I say current user, when I say Firebase, I get an instance when I get current user research
because I'm going to use that and then let's go ahead and create a scaffold.
And that's always a top bar.
Put together the skeleton and then inside here, this is where we're going to add the body.
So I'm going to put it surface and so forth.
OK, let's start with the top bar.
So we're going to do the same thing we did before.
So we're going to have this nice top bar.
So we already created that so I can just go ahead and call the reader app bar and the title.
I'm going to say book stats.
And then I'm going to pass icon icons, default arrow back and say, show profile, it's going to be
false.
And then controller, we pass our NAF controller.
OK, that was easy.
Now, you know, a surface here we get a structure, our code.
Now what is I want to do here?
Well, first of all, we only want to show books by this user that have been read.
That makes sense.
How do you do that?
Well, in our books that we created lists, they're going to set that to put an if statement here.
I would say if view model data that value you like and then get the data is null or empty.
So in this case, if that's not the case because we have the exclamation point there, then we're good
to go.
That means that in I view model data that value
get the data, we're going to go ahead and filter again through this book.
OK.
And I'm going to say an ebook
user I.D. has to be equal to current user that you are Heidi.
All right.
So just get the books that have the same I.D. as this current user.
Else, let's change that to VAR because I think it said that VAR because we're changing it.
Well, else I'm going to just call an empty list to this box because we have no books by this user.
OK.
Bottom here, the column, and I'm going to add a row at a box the size of the entire box and then say
45 deep and then padding about to dip all around.
I'm just going to add a fun icon that say icons to icons dot sharp person.
OK.
This has to be image factor, which I say I can't for description.
That's it.
And then I on the side, I'm going to add a text.
They will say hi, and then I'm going to use the user and say, current user.
I'm going to get email this current user to strain and then will split because I just want to get the
first part right?
Split by.
The ad dilemma there and get the first part of the email, so again, what I'm doing here.
If email is like me or Paul, that at me dot com when split by Digg, like this, right?
So now we have Paul and me dot com, so I'm going to get Paul.
That's what I'm doing there.
That's all.
And I'm going to make this to uppercase like that.
Oops, looks like doesn't like that.
Let's see what is the other option.
That works.
OK, let's go ahead and run this real quick so we can see what we have so far.
So we should have at least this structure and hi the name of the current user.
OK, so let's click here.
Angela.
Say, hi, Jay.
But again, next, we're going to go ahead and create a structure here.
So after a row, I'm going to say card will.
Qualifier Phil Max with.
Give it padding.
About four deep
and outer circle or shape that is circle shape.
Give an elevation of about five deep and I'm going to create a vowel called reader or read a book,
read books list.
It's going to be a list of banned books such just grading variable to hold something, and what's going
to hold them are put inside of a if statement.
So if you model getting the actual list of books is null or empty, in this case, it's not an all or
empty.
Then here I'm going to go ahead and filter some say books.
That filter like this and an ebook,
and I'm going to say an ebook check, our user ID is equal to the current again user user, you ID like
that.
And I want to make sure that also our book here finished reading is not novel.
It's very important because that's what we need.
So saying for our list with book lists here, we're going to look look through all the books that we
have.
At the top here is getting all the books, and we're going to filter through to check if it's if the
book user I.D. is the same as the current newsworthy.
And then if that's the case, then we're going to get that book or those books and add it to our read
books list.
And then I'm going to say else just pass an empty list to our book list.
So just like what we did before variable here, reading books is going to be equal to books that filter
again.
So now I'm going to look for books that this user is reading at this point, so I'm going to filter
again in the same book.
I'm going to check if the book started reading.
Not, no.
And book that finished reading is not.
So, which is one of the books that they were reading right now, so they haven't finished reading,
right?
That's what I want.
Let's move that.
So to have all insight like this?
Right.
So now it will have these reading books.
I can use that to show essentially what I'm doing is I'm setting myself up so I can have this stats
and then I can see you're reading showed the books they're reading, you've read the books I've read.
That's all what I'm doing here.
All right.
So let's create a column.
So now I'm going to create this structure here.
Write this column so we can say starts in the text modifier.
Padding.
I say start bottom for deep
and say horizontal alignment.
I want this to be start.
And that should be good.
So I'm going to add a text inside here that would say your stats style, say material theme.
Topography.
It's five.
Then I'm going to put a divider.
Essentially, again, I'm doing this, I'm going to add this divider there.
Banning an ad in a text, I will say.
You are reading.
Now, how do I get the numbers of books that I'm reading?
Well, I already have this winning books.
It's going to be a list so I can just get the size of that list, right?
So reading books that size like this books and do the same.
For the you've read books.
Right, Booklist, that's right.
Let's go ahead and run and see.
OK, let's see.
Click while you're right, you're reading two books, you've read one book.
It's true if you go back, we don't have the go back yet.
So it's click right how a reader app.
Here we have elaborated.
I can say enough controller that pop back stack English should be OK.
Click OK.
Two books that you were reading, if you go back and read, can see you have a list of two books there.
I think that's good and I you've read one book so far.
OK, so next, what are we going to do is just finalize and add the list of the books that we've read.